[Music]
welcome to another episode of seven men
in marketing with Pam my name is Pam
dinner I love sharing a little dose a
b2b digital content marketing and sales
enablement seven minutes at a time like
everyone else I take a lot of photos
using my iPhone I noticed that younger
generations takes so much better photos
than I do I wanted to learn some new
tricks to take better photos using my
phone and I knew that Apple stores offer
video creation classes so I wonder hmm
if they offer classes on taking better
photos so I went to Apple comm and
started a quick chat with one of the
employees it turned out that I just need
to Google Apple today to find out what
classes I offer at Apple stores so
typing Apple today took me to the today
and Apple website then I entered country
and the city to find the nearest Apple
stores voila I could browse the classes
that were being offered that day and for
what upcoming week at Apple stores near
me pretty cool huh
then I click on photo and a video
category there are tons of classes such
as how to shoot photos with iPhone how
to edit photos who on iPhone photo walks
portrays and the people I guess that you
walk around the mall and take photos of
people and there's another class that
was kind of interesting crafting your
shot
co-created with chase javis ok that's
kind of interesting I want to see what
Chase had to say so I signed up for that
class apparently that is a new class
chase did a lot of photo shoes for Apple
the instructor who is an Apple sales rep
opened with the videos by Chase and I
thought his points were interesting she
boiled down the secret of taking
whay portrait photos which is our people
photos into three elements connections
composition and light connections are
about your emotional connection with the
people that you photograph do you know
them well do you know their personality
do you know their stories if you know
them it will help you to capture the
absence of who they are and display
their feelings mindset or even a bit of
your soul composition it's about place
and moment now that you know them you
can pick the background or locations
that brings out the best in them that
makes a lot of sense to me
I remember ask Tim my photographer
friend to take photos for my son's high
school yearbook
my son is an outdoor person who played
tennis throughout high school so we
chose a local park with tennis courts
hidden we're sOooo tied for his yearbook
photo because that's now who he is
we chose the location to be flag that
airing is casual outgoing and athletic
before and during the photo shoot Tim
talked to Aaron casually and got to know
him better and put him at ease with the
different shots and that's the
connection element that chase was
talking about earlier the third element
is light lighting can get complicated
this class obviously didn't get into the
type of Lighting's that we should use in
different situations but it emphasized
using natural light whenever possible
throughout the class iPhone photo
features I mentioned discreetly they
encouraged us to try the portrait mode
which is their new feature the
instructor even suggested using iPhone
flash to increase lighting and
experimenting with a zoom feature one
part of this class that I enjoy
tremendously was that instructor
actually showed tons of examples of the
great photos and analyzed why they were
great
that was like attending a little aqua
tea class so that was fun after the
class I have a new understanding of
photography with the phone on hand is
easy to take photos anytime anywhere but
high quality photos occur when you know
your subject well carefully choose the
right place the right angle and using
the right lighting these three elements
of taking great photography's also apply
to content marketing if you think about
it
just as knowing your photography subject
well is important to getting a good
result in order to create relevant
content you need to know your audience
as well see there is a similarity the
composition in the context of content
marketing is your writing approach and
the flow of your stories the light in
the context of content marketing is hard
to define but I see the key message and
a creative development as the light of
your content creation see taking a great
photo it's not much different than
creating useful and relevant content
well a photo is a piece of content
anyway hashtag everything is connected I
was able to use one Apple class to
create one podcast episode hmm
maybe I should take more Apple classes
in the meantime please send me your
marketing questions or thoughts via
Twitter at Pam dinner be well keep
hustling until next time
[Music]